Improve Custom Views docs (#3359)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website-custom-views/src/content/api-reference/custom-view-config.mdx

For more information, see [Granular permissions for local development](/help-needed#granular-permissions-for-local-development).

## `env.development.hostUriPath`

> The [Custom View context](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#custom-view-context) contains the [`hostUrl`](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#hosturl) property with the value of the built-in application's current URL. When working locally it is set to `http://localhost:3001/<projectKey>/<custom-view-host>` by default.

Reviewer: @CarlosCortizasCT please check the changes I made 93c96eb60a478ad545ad6850650b801620f6d3b8 if the meaning is still intact.

To test your Custom View in a specific built-in application, you can override the default behavior to provide a custom URI path by setting the `env.development.hostUriPath`.

> ```json

Reviewer: Hi @CarlosCortizasCT double-check the path now. I added the `projectKey` to it.

## `env.development.hostUriPath`

> The [Custom View context](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#custom-view-context) contains the [`hostUrl`](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#hosturl) property with the value of the built-in application's current URL. When working locally it is set to `http://localhost:3001/<projectKey>/<custom-view-host>` by default.

Reviewer 2: The value the actually `@@custom-view-host@@`

```suggestion
The [Custom View context](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#custom-view-context) contains the [`hostUrl`](/api-reference/commercetools-frontend-application-shell-connectors#hosturl) property with the value of the built-in application's current URL. When working locally it is set to `http://localhost:3001/<projectKey>/@@custom-view-host@@` by default.
```

Reviewer: Thanks @emmenko. Can you share why we use this format specifically @@?

Reviewer 2: It's the actual value, it's not a placeholder.

This is essentially the equivalent of Custom Applications `entryPointUriPath`. However, Custom Views don't need an entry point but to keep using the same logic and infrastructure as for Custom Applications we decided to define a special entry point value for Custom Views.
That's why it has this special format.

Reviewer: Got it. Thanks, Nicola for the explanation.

> To test your Custom View in a specific built-in application, you can override the default behavior to provide a custom URI path by setting the `env.development.hostUriPath`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To simulate your Custom View as if it's rendered within a specific built-in application, you can override the default behavior to provide a custom URI path by setting the `env.development.hostUriPath`.
```
